Don't you implicate me?
Xiaoyan believes him
Long boy
Have you been walking in the gutter for too long?
Really to Zheng Beijun
There is no concept of fame at all
I know how many pounds you have.
The road is also a bit tired
But no matter how powerful you are
It's also amazing, but the knife skills in the hands of Zheng Beijun's soldiers
Don't kill him, save his life for me
I want him to take a good look.
How I played with his bitch sister
Hahahaha
Then I took $36,000 to widow him
Dumplings, you had a chance to leave your name
But you are arrogant
I want you to see the power of Zheng Beijun
Get a normal shot in your next life
Ouch, that's awesome
It scares me so much.
But it's three seconds.
I am the seventh of Beijing Junwei
Bullying the weak without mercy